---
layout: post
title:  Relive experiences with the Insta360 X3
description: Don't only capture one side of the story, get the full 360 experience instead.
date:   2023-02-10 15:01:35 +0300
image:  '/images/products/insta360-x3.png'
tags:   [electronics]
---
This is our latest investment, the waterproof action camera, Insta360 X3.

With it, we have started taking amazing 360° footage of our travel destinations around the world, because pictures don't hold enough memories for us anymore. We are looking forward to the days when we are old and/or lazy, to pop on our futuristic VR devices and travel back in time to relive our past travel years!

Have a look at our [YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSAhSlthpYzYKLkBdxWxhMA), to see the amazing results we have achieve with the Insta360 X3 so far! Don't forget to subscribe ;)

We are pretty happy with the results, especially the ability to look around again and discover new things. As this is a mid range action camera, there is still room for improvement, like the resolution of the 360° footage or when it is getting too dark. But for the amateur level that we are currently using it for, this is a perfectly suitable camera. You can even set up 360° sounds to be fully immersed in your personal VR experience.

For water action and to protect the camera a bit further, we are using the dive case + floating hand grip.


### Specs

* 5.7k 360 action HDR video
* 72MP 360 photo
* 4k single-lens
* Dual 1/2" 48MP Sensors
* Stabilization and Horizon Lock
* Waterproof
* 2.29" touchscreen
* 360 capture & reframing
* different predefined shooting modes: Standard, HDR, Burst, Interval, Timelapse, etc.
* Media Type: Micro SD Card (not included)


### Product Links

In case you are interested in purchasing this camera, here's a direct link to the product homepage (including a free "invisible" selfie stick as a thank you for supporting us) and to Amazon:
* [Purchase on Insta360 Homepage](https://store.insta360.com/product/x3?insrc=INRGGKS)
* [Purchase on Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/insta360-Waterproof-Single-Lens-Stabilization-Touchscreen/dp/B0B9H572LC/ref=sr_1_3)

Please be reminded that these are affiliate links. It means that if you click on one of them, we will receive a small commission at no cost to you. Rest assured, we would never provide a link of a product we don't believe in, use and love ourselves.

Have fun capturing your own experiences!